Upgrade Recipes to Substrate 3.0 (#419)
JoshOrndorff/recipes: text/custom-rpc.md

## The RPC Extensions Builder

> In order to connect custom RPCs you must provide an function known as an "RPC extension builder". This function takes a parameter for whether the node should deny unsafe RPC calls, and returns an [IoHandler](https://docs.rs/jsonrpc-core/15.0.0/jsonrpc_core/struct.IoHandler.html) that the node needs to create a json RPC. For context read about the [`RpcExtensionBuilder` trait](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v3.0.0/sc_service/trait.RpcExtensionBuilder.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to connect custom RPCs you must provide a function known as an "RPC extension builder". This function takes a parameter for whether the node should deny unsafe RPC calls, and returns an [IoHandler](https://docs.rs/jsonrpc-core/15.0.0/jsonrpc_core/struct.IoHandler.html) that the node needs to create a json RPC. For context, read more at [`RpcExtensionBuilder` trait API doc](https://substrate.dev/rustdocs/v3.0.0/sc_service/trait.RpcExtensionBuilder.html).
```
